[DOCS] EQL: Update `allow_no_indices` default (#63748)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/eql/eql-search-api.asciidoc

[[eql-search-api-query-params]]
==== {api-query-parms-title}

`allow_no_indices`::
(Optional, boolean)
If `false`, the request returns a `mapping_exception` error when a wildcard
expression, <<indices-aliases,index alias>>, or `_all` value targets only
missing or closed indices. If `true`, the request returns a
`verification_exception` error when targeting only missing or closed indices.

> Defaults to `true`.

Author: @astefan Let me know if I missed anything here. I'm not sure there is much value in users changing this arg as there will be an error either way.

Reviewer: It is correct what you have here, but incomplete. The situation is a bit more complicated and it matters if the cluster is secured or not. With Security enabled and `allow_no_indices=false` for a `inexistent*,existent` search there is a `index_not_found_exception` and this one comes from Security itself if I'm not mistaken.
What we have in eql atm is a variation of `allow_no_indices` behavior in ES itself. We do obey the default `allow_no_indices` behavior BUT in case the entire pattern doesn't have any index, no matter the value of `allow_no_indices`, EQL complains. Elasticsearch, on the other hand, has scenarios where it returns an empty response whereas we return a `verification_exception`.

Author: Thanks for the clarification @astefan. After doing some testing, I'm not sure that having security enabled is a big differentiator. I also don't think I need to call out the individual exception names. Instead, I focused on scenarios that would generate an error vs. those that would not.

[[eql-search-api-query-params]]
==== {api-query-parms-title}

`allow_no_indices`::
(Optional, boolean)
+
NOTE: This parameter's behavior differs from the `allow_no_indices` parameter
used in other <<multi-index,multi-target APIs>>.
+

> If `false`, any wildcard expression, <<indices-aliases,index alias>>, or `_all`
> value that targets only missing or closed indices returns an error. This applies
> even if the request targets other open indices. For example, if an index starts
> with `foo` but no index starts with `bar`, a request targeting `foo*,bar*`
> returns an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `false`, requests return an error if any wildcard expression, <<indices-aliases,index alias>>, or `_all`
value targets only missing or closed indices. This behavior applies
even if the request targets other open indices. For example, a request
targeting `foo*,bar*` returns an error if any index starts with `foo`, but no
index starts with `bar`.
```

Reviewer 2: I moved "requests return an error" to the beginning of the first sentence, which I think reads easier. "You'll get an error if X, Y, or Z" feels more natural than "If X, Y, or Z, you'll get an error." Apologies for such subjective logic, but I kept stumbling on that first sentence.

+

> If `true`, only requests that exclusively target missing or closed indices
> return an error. If the request targets any open index, it does not return an
> error. For example, if an index starts with `foo` but no index starts with
> `bar`, a request targeting `foo*,bar*` does not return an error. However, a
> request that targets only `bar*` still returns an error.
> +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `true`, requests that exclusively target missing or closed indices
return an error, unless the request targets an open index.
For example, a request targeting `foo*,bar*` does not return an error
if any index starts with `foo`, but no index starts with
`bar`. However, a request that targets only `bar*` still returns an error.
+
```

Reviewer 2: I think that combining the second sentence into the first helps to highlight the conditional statement.
